Unsupervised learning can be thought as self learning ,where you do not need to supervised the model, where model have to work on its own to discover information.Unsupervised learning mainly deals with unlabelled data.
k-means is one of the simplest unsupervised learning algorithms that solve the well known clustering problem. The procedure follows a simple and easy way to classify a given data set through a certain number of clusters (assume k clusters) fixed apriori.
The main idea is to define k centers, one for each cluster. These centers should be placed in a cunning way because of different location causes different result. So, the better choice is to place them as much as possible far away from each other. The next step is to take each point belonging to a given data set and associate it to the nearest center. When no point is pending, the first step is completed and an early group age is done. At this point we need to re-calculate k new centroids as barycenter of the clusters resulting from the previous step. After we have these k new centroids, a new binding has to be done between the same data set points and the nearest new center. A loop has been generated. As a result of this loop we may notice that the k centers change their location step by step until no more changes are done or in other words centers do not move any more.
To identify different species (setosa, versicolor, verginica) of Iris flowers given just 4 features: their sepal and petal lengths and widths. There are 50 observation for each species, total-150.No null value

